Add new GDPR Compliance topic in a new section named User data storage (#1630)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-22.04/security/user-data-storage/gdpr-compliance.md

---
id: gdpr-compliance
title: GDPR compliance
---

## Information for Centreon users to plan their GDPR compliance

In a Managed Service Provider (MSP) context, the Centreon platform provides a monitoring service to provider's customers.

## Storage of user identification information

For each customer of the provider, the Centreon central server stores in database the user identification information in order to access the 
monitoring server:

  - Name
  - Alias/Login, password
  - E-mail address
  - Phone number (optional, for associated notification)

The central server also stores additional parameters for each user:

  - Language, time zone
  - Notification settings
  - Access control groups (ACL)

Information management:
  - Each user can access information in the **Administration > Settings > My Account** menu.
  - Users can be created, edited and deleted from the **Settings > Users** menu by a user having the necessary rights.

## User actions logs

> If a user has the rights to configure the monitoring (defined in the user accesses), an entry in the logs stored in the database and linked to the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a user has the rights to configure the monitoring (defined in the user's ACLs), an entry in the logs stored in the database and linked to the 
```
